you need to grow up an adopt a role you
need to mature you need to become an
adult then you have to pay attention to
see what attracts your attention what
calls to you because there's an autonomy
about that right you don't get to pick
what interests you it picks you and you
can respond to that call and investigate
or reject it those are your options and
if you reject it you stay in your box
but if you follow it something will call
to you and then if you investigate that
that will transform you and if you
investigate it deeply enough it'll
transform you into the person who can
stand stand up against tyranny and who
can lead his people away from slavery